In May 2014, the band was nominated for fourteen Billboard Music Awards, including Top Artist of the Year and a Milestone Award, which recognizes innovation and creativity of artists across different genres. In April 2018, the band was nominated eleven more times for Billboard Music Awards.
Imagine Dragons are based in Las Vegas, so it\u0027s fitting that they laid down their first full album inside a casino. The band recorded Night Visions at Studio X, a recording studio that\u0027s housed inside Palms Casino Resort. According to a report by Vegas Seven, the Palms also has a second studio called Studio Y and claims that artists can record music from any other room at the Palms. Imagine Dragons went on to win a 2014 Billboard Music Award for Top Rock Album for Night Visions, among five BBMA\u0027s they earned that year, so this unique recording arrangement obviously worked out okay.
Rounding out the decade-end Top Rock Albums top five is Imagine Dragons\u0027 Evolve, which holds the record for most weeks at No. 1 on Top Rock Albums: 24, beginning in July 2017. To date, the set has yet to leave the weekly list\u0027s top 20.
The genre-splicing, socially conscious and streaming-dominant Vegas quartet has cemented itself as by far the year\u0027s most successful rock band. But who, outside of their fans, is actually taking notice?
For Smoke + Mirrors, their second album, Las Vegas band Imagine Dragons placed game and film syncs front and centre and the live plot was tightly woven into the album marketing. Liz Goodwin, head of campaign strategy at Polydor Records, and Maddy Smith, senior digital campaign manager at Polydor Records, explain how the inclusion of streaming into the UK albums chart is directly affecting long-term marketing pushes, why playlists can be used to take fans deeper into the album, where retargeting delivers the best results and why there is no such thing as \"a quiet time\" in the record business any more.
Here are the albums by Imagine Dragons: Night Visions, Infinity Blade III, Transformers: Age of Extinction, The Divergent Series: Insurgent, Smoke + Mirrors, Evolve, Suicide Squad: The Album, Passengers, Origins
The imagine dragons band released their third studio album, Evolve (2017) which resulted in three chart-topping singles, \"Believer\", \"Thunder\", and \"Whatever It Takes\", also making them the artist with the most weeks at number-one on the Billboard Hot Rock Songs chart. The album reached the top five in many countries.
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada, consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds, lead guitarist Wayne Sermon, bassist Ben McKee, and drummer Daniel Platzman.
Imagine Dragons have sold 35 million RIAA certified singles in the US and 20 million albums worldwide. They were the most streamed group of 2018 on Spotify and are the first rock act to have two songs, \"Believer\" and \"Thunder\" to surpass one billion streams each.
Imagine Dragons have released 4 albums globally: Night Visions with 10M sales; Smoke + Mirrors with 700K sales. Sales of Evolve is 288K while Origins has 425K Sales