Imagine Dragons is an American pop rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada, consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds, lead guitarist Wayne Sermon, bassist Ben McKee, and drummer Daniel Platzman. ... The band\u0027s second studio album Smoke + Mirrors (2015) reached number one in the US, Canada and the UK.
Here are the list of charts that were famous by Imagine Dragons: Billboard Hot 100, Billboard Hot 50, Billboard Hot 200, Billboard Hot Rock Songs, Adult pop songs, Rock Airplay, Rock streaming songs, Rock Digital Sale Songs, Top TV Commercial Charts, Canada Alternative Rock Chart, Mediabase alternative chart
During this era MTV called them \"the year\u0027s biggest breakout band\", Billboard named them their \"Breakthrough Band of 2013\" and placed them at the top of their \"Year In Rock\" rankings for 2013. Their second studio album, Smoke + Mirrors, reached number one in the US, Canada and the UK.[6][7] and sold over one million copies worldwide. The band\u0027s third album, Evolve, became their third album to reach the top three on the Billboard 200 and was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album. It spawned the singles, \"Believer\" and \"Thunder\", which both went on to peak at number four on the Billboard Hot 100 and were nominated at the 2018 Billboard Music Award for Top Selling Song. 
Imagine Dragons Set to Perform at Halftime of the College Football Playoff National Championship
One of the famous pop and rock band, The Imagine Dragons pop and rock band created the first musical album Night Visions in 2012 with 11 tracks: It\u0027s Time, Radioactive, Hear Me, Demons, On Top of the World, Tiptoe, Amsterdam, Every Night, Bleeding Out, Underdog and Nothing Left to Say
A musical ensemble or band is a group of musicians that works together to perform music. The following articles concern types of musical bands: All-female band, Big band, Boy band, Christian band, Church band, Concert band, Cover band, Dansband, Fife and drum, Garage rock band, Girl group, Family band, Jam band, Jazz band, Jug band, Klezmer band, Marching band, Military band, Orchestra, Organ trio, Rock band, Rock Supergroup, School band, Ska band, Studio band, Tribute act, Worship band
The famous pop and rock year end charts for musical bands are: US Billboard 200, US Billboard Alternative Albums, US Billboard Rock Albums Chart, Australian Albums, ARIA, Canadian Albums, Billboard, Mexican Albums Chart, PROMUSICAE, US Billboard 200, US Billboard Alternative Albums, Megacharts, Dutch Album, Italian Albums Chart, Danish Albums (Hitlisten)
List of music genre or types of music: Punk, Rock, Blues, Anime, Classical, Comedy, Dance, Jazz, French Pop, Folk, Rap, Indie Pop, Instrumental
The band\u0027s second studio album Smoke + Mirrors (2015) reached number one in the US, Canada and the UK.
A musical ensemble or band is a group of musicians that works together to perform music. The following articles concern types of musical bands: All-female band, Big band, Boy band, Christian band, Church band, Concert band, Cover band, Dansband, Fife and drum, Garage rock band, Girl group