Imagine Dragons is an American pop rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada, consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds, lead guitarist Wayne Sermon, bassist Ben McKee, and drummer Daniel Platzman. The band is the recipient of a Grammy Award, three American Music Awards, ten Billboard Music Awards, eight BMI Pop Music Awards, an Echo Award, a MTV Video Music Award, five Teen Choice Awards and a World Music Award.
As for the rest of the Hot Rock Songs top five for the decade: Panic! at the Disco\u0027s \"High Hopes\" ranks at No. 4, powered by its record of 44 weeks and counting at No. 1, while The Lumineers\u0027 \"Ho Hey\", which topped the chart for 18 weeks in late 2012, ranks at No. 5.
One of the famous pop and rock band, The Imagine Dragons first musical album Night Visions appeared in the following charts: US Billboard 200, US Billboard Alternative Albums, US Billboard Rock Albums Chart, Canadian Hot 100, UK Singles, US Billboard Hot 100, US Adult Top 40, US Hot Rock Songs and US Mainstream Top 40
Imagine Dragons is an alternative-rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada. Band members include frontman Dan Reynolds, bassist Ben McKee, guitarist Wayne
For overall Top Artists and genre-specific artist recaps, including Top Rock Artists, acts ranked Nos. 11 through 50 on each are viewable in our decade-end charts menu, while those at Nos. 10 through 6 will be revealed monthly leading up to the Billboard Music Awards, airing live on NBC on April 29, 2020, when No. 1 for each category will be announced from among five remaining finalists.
On the decade-end Hot Rock Songs and Top Rock Albums recaps, titles are ranked based on an inverse point system, with weeks at No. 1 on weekly charts earning the greatest value and weeks at lower positions earning the least. Due to changes in chart methodology and title turnover rates over the decade, certain periods were weighted differently.
Imagine Dragons has received several Best Group nominations, including three at the People\u0027s Choice Awards, and won two NRJ Music Awards for International Group of the Year, and also was nominated two times at American Music Awards for Artist of the Year. The band has received a total of 52 awards and 157 nominations.
Their fourth studio album, Origins, released in 2018, peaked at number one in Canada and reached the top ten in the US, Australia and the United Kingdom. The first single from the album, \"Natural\", peaked at number one on the Billboard Hot Rock Songs. The song received a Nickelodeon Kids\u0027 Choice Award nomination for Favorite Song and MTV Video Music Award nomination for Best Rock.
But Evolve wasn\u0027t the only Imagine Dragons album that resulted in decade-end chart honors for the group. \"Radioactive\", the band\u0027s second career single, ranks at No. 3 on Hot Rock Songs for the 2010s, after 23 weeks atop the survey in 2013 (and 83 total weeks on the tally). Meanwhile, its 24 weeks at No. 1 on the Rock Airplay chart remain a record.