The award was introduced in 2008  when it was awarded to Adele  and focuses on new and emerging British talent , voted for by a panel of music industry experts .
The band s debut album was  Lungs   Jul 2009 , Universal  , preceded by third single Rabbit Heart  Raise It Up    Jun 2009 ,  Moshi Moshi   http:  www.last
 Bird  is a name of at least nine acts : 1  A Liverpool , UK band .
2  A pseudonym of Japanese jazz singer  Kitayama Yuki  .
3  A pseudonym of London , UK , chamber pop per  Janie Price  .
4  A Toronto , Canada producer   composer .
5  A pseudonym of Thai male soloist   Thongchai McIntyre     music Thongchai and McIntyre   .
6  A Netherlands indiefolk trio .
7  A Canadian altcountry group .
8  A San Jose , CA , USA grindcore band .
9  A Los Angeles , CA , USA rapper .
 1   A five piece Liverpool , UK  atmospheric folk  tag atmospheric and folk  band which combines haunting   poetic lyrics , with melodic and eerie   sweeping guitar riffs .
Members include :  Adele Emmas   vocals  ,  Christian Sandford   synth , keyboards  ,  Alexis Samata   drums  and  Sian Williams   guitar  .
Their debut EP was   Shadows    Aug 2012 , Jack To Phono  and their latest album is   My Fear And Me    May 2014 , Jack To Phono  .
Other releases include : EP   Ophelia    Feb 2013 , Jack To Phono  , produced by composer   guitarist  Bill Ryder  Jones   ex  The Coral  .
With a dynamic mixture of power and fragility , they combine hypnotic , tribal drum beats , atmospheric guitars and dreamlike synthscapes to create the foundation for  Emmas   sirenesque vocals and poetry .
After continually touring the UK ,  Bird  have gained a large loyal following and garnered praise from :  BBC 6music     user bbc6music library   music Bird  ,  BBC Radio 1     user bbcradio1 library   music Bird  , 2 and 3 .
They have been invited to play sessions for Bella Union  head  Simon Raymonde   Cocteau Twins  and BBC Radio Merseyside .
The Guardian , Q magazine , The Line of Best Fit , Metro , Nylon , NME and Channel 4 have all featured the band .
Recent airplay of Led Zeppelin  cover   The Rain Song    from   My Fear and Me    , has brought praise from DJs including  Lauren Laverne  and  Janice Long  , leading to them opening the inaugural 6 Music Festival 2014 s main stage .