He continued to act in nondancing roles in films and TV in the 1960s through 1980s .
In part because of his expressive phrasing and graceful interpretation , Astaire was chosen to introduce many now classic songs , including standards by Cole Porter  example ,  Night and Day   , his friend Irving Berlin   Let s Face the Music and Dance   , Jerome Kern   The Way You Look Tonight   , Johnny Mercer   One for My Baby   and George and Ira Gershwin   They Ca nt Take That Away from Me   .
Fred Astaire is interred at Oakwood Memorial Park , Chatsworth , California , USA , the same cemetery where Ginger Rogers , is located .
  http:  encyclopaediaoftrivia.blogspot.com 2011 09 fredastaire.html]  http :     www.last.fm out?url=http%3A%2F%2Fencyclopaediaoftrivia.blogspot.com%2F2011%2F0 9 % 2Ffredastaire .
html  
Florence and the Machine  a stylisation of Florence and The Machine  , is a London , UK , art pop band led by singer  songwriter Florence Welch and formed in 2007 .
The band consists of : Florence Welch  vocals  , Robert Ackroyd  guitar  , Isabella Summers  aka Isa machine \\  keyboards  , Tom Monger  harp  , Mark Saunders  bass , percussion  , Christopher Lloyd Hayden  drums , backing vocals  , Rusty Bradshaw  keyboard , backing vocals  and Sam White  backing vocals  .
Lead singer , Florence Welch , was an artcollege dropout , from Camberwell  London  , who was discovered singing motown covers in a nightclub toilet , drunk .
  The Machine   name originated with an injoke between Welch and Summers .
Musically , Florence and the Machine s sound is sometimes referred to as soulinspired indie rock .
Welch grew up listening to The White Stripes and Kate Bush and says she writes metaphorical songs that are   stories with consequences and weird morality issues . 
  2008  Florence and the Machine s music has received praise across the British music media , especially from the BBC , who played a large part in their rise to prominence , by bringing them into the spotlight as part of  BBC Introducing   a program to support unsigned artists   firstly at South By South West  SXSW  in Austin , Texas in March 2008 and later that year  Sept 2008  the band recorded a full session for the BBC at their Maida Vale studios .
 2009  2010  first awards and first studio album   Lungs   At the Brit Awards 2009 , Florence and the Machine received the Critics  Choice Award at the Brits in the UK .