Having started a Classics degree at UCL he hooked up with London indie club and label , Young Turks and his studies were dropped in favour of a music career .
His eclectic mix of styles incorporates elements of his varied influences which range from rockabilly and folk to jazz and triphop .
He lists Prince , Jeff Buckley , Shuggie Otis , Todd Rundgren , JJ Cale , Harry Nilsson and Herbie Hancock among his influences .
Yet he delivers a genuine London voice and still manages to sound original .
His live performances are characterised by his much commented ,  individualist  style of dancing where he plays guitar and dances simultaneously with a vigorous fluidity  he finds it hard to keep still .
In autumn 2006 , Penate signed to XL Recordings who delivered mainstream success with the release of his debut album Matinee .
It was followed up in 2009 with Everything Is New .
Hunter is a British blue-eyed soul singer whose smokey mellifluous voice has been compared to his influences like Sam Cooke , Georgie Fame and Jackie Wilson .
Hunter began his roots music career in the 1980s under the name Howlin  Wilf .
His later solo recordings feature rhythm and blues in the style of the 1950s and 60 s , pitched between R&B , early rock and roll , and early soul .
His 1994 solo debut , Believe What I Say , had guest appearances by Doris Troy and Van Morrison , and Hunter appeared on a couple of Morrisons s mid  ’90s albums , as well as performing as part of Morrison s Rhythm and Blues Revue .
Hunter , who jokingly refers to his career as an  overnight success that took 20 years  , is also a skilled guitarist , and writes most of the material on his albums , including his 2001 release , Kick It Around .
He released People Gonna Talk in 2006 which garnered him much acclaim and his first stateside recognition in year end top ten lists of major media outlets .
His most recent album , The Hard Way , released in 2008 , was recorded at Toe Rag Studios in London and includes a cameo from Allen Toussaint .
Hunter seems poised for additional career breakthroughs via increased exposure through television and radio , and distribution through Starbucks music label feeding a demand for other retro sounding artists like Amy Winehouse , Duffy and Adele , who too echo the classic soul sounds from the 50s and 60s .
Official Website : James Hunter
 Dan Wilson  is a Minneapolis musician best known as the main guitarist vocalist for the band Semisonic .
He was also a member of Trip Shakespeare during the early 1990s .
Currently , Wilson is perhaps best known for his cowriting and collaborations with other artists .