Adele Laurie Blue Adkins , born 5 May 1988, is a Grammy Award Winning English singer songwriter from Enfield , North London .
Her debut album , 19 , was released in January 2008 and entered the UK album chart at # 1 .
The album has since received fourtimes Platinum certification in the UK and has sold 5,500,000 copies worldwide .
The album included the hugely popular song Chasing Pavements .
19 earned Adele two Grammy Awards in February 2009 for Best New Artist and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance .
Her second album , 21 , was released on January 24th 2011 in the UK and propelled Adele to unprecedented megastardom .
In just eleven months , 21 received fourteentimes Platinum certification in the UK for shipments in excess of 4,500,000 copies , and has sold a further 6,200,000 copies in the US denoting sextuplePlatinum status .
As of January 2012 , 21 has sold an estimated seventeen million copies worldwide .
The album has produced three global charttopping singles thus far : Rolling in the Deep , Someone Like You , and Set Fire to the Rain .
21 won Adele six awards at the 2012 Grammy Awards , among them Album of the Year , Song of the Year and Record of the Year .
Adele graduated from BRIT School in Croydon in May 2006 , where she was classmates with Leona Lewis .
Adele credits the school with nurturing her talent .
In school , she was more interested in going into A&R , and hoped to launch other people s careers .
Four months later , she published two songs on the fourth issue of the online arts publication PlatformsMagazine.com .
She had recorded a threesong demo for a class project and gave it to a friend who posted it on Myspace where it became very successful and led to a phone call from music label XL Recordings .
She doubted if the offer was real because the only record company she knew was Virgin Records , and she took a friend with her to the meeting .
Nick Huggett at XL Recordings recommended Adele to manager Jonathan Dickins at September Management and in June 2006 Dickins became her official representative .
September was managing Jamie T at the time and this proved a major attraction for Adele who was a big fan of the English singer songwriter .
Huggett then signed Adele to XL Recordings in September 2006 .
Adele s breakthrough song , Hometown Glory , was released in October 2007 .
Adele provided vocals for Jack Penate s song , My Yvonne , from his debut album
Semisonic  is a power pop   alternative rock band formed in Minneapolis , Minnesota , U.S.A. Known for their signature song  Closing Time  , the band members are Dan Wilson guitar vocals , John Munson bass , and Jacob Slichter drums .
