Sites :  YouTube   http:  YouTube
One of the original punk jazz groups of the New York No Wave scene , the Contortions were led by saxophonist James Chance , aka James White  birth name James Siegfried  .
The group formed in New York City in 1977 and ended along with the No Wave scene in 1979 .
Their first recorded appearance , credited solely as the Contortions , was on the 1978 compilation , No New York .
The following year , two albums were issued almost simultaneously on the ZE label , Buy the Contortions  an extreme jazz  punk LP  and Off White  a disco standards hybrid released under the moniker James White and the Blacks , with one side vocals , the other side instrumentals  .
The same lineup recorded both records , although no one aside from Chance appears or is credited on the jacket of the Buy album .
Following Chance and manager Anya Philips  acrimonious break with many of the original Contortions , the lineup changed frequently .
Chance was romantically linked with another New York No Wave luminary , Lydia Lunch ; in 1979 Lunch appeared on the album Off White as  Stella Rico   .
Original Contortions guitarist Pat Place went on to found the group the Bush Tetras .
Guitarist Jody Harris formed neosurf combo the Raybeats with Don Christensen , George Scott III and Pat Irwin .
Keyboardist Adele Bertei formed the Bloods .
In 1979 George Scott toured with John Cale as documented on the album Sabotage Live .
Some of the African-American band members of  the Blacks ,  notably Joseph Bowie , later separated from Chance and formed the band Defunkt .
Born 1984 ,  Jack Penate  is a singer songwriter from Blackheath , South London .
He is the grandson of Mervyn Peake , author and illustrator of  The Gormenghast Trilogy  .
Along with the likes of Lily Allen , Jamie T , Kate Nash , Adele , etc , he is often included in the  Estuary English  pack of UK musicians  the 2006 2007 UK trend of young musicians singing without consciously altering their spoken English accent .
 Estuary English being the accent commonly found around the south east of England , most notably in London  and even more notably among the youth  , considered a compromise between Cockney and RP  At 17 he started the band Jack s Basement with his friend Felix White .
The band split in two , one half going on to form The Maccabees , the other forming Jack Penate s band , including Joel Porter  bass  and Alex Robins  drums  .