The album has produced three global charttopping singles thus far : Rolling in the Deep , Someone Like You , and Set Fire to the Rain .
21 won Adele six awards at the 2012 Grammy Awards , among them Album of the Year , Song of the Year and Record of the Year .
Adele graduated from BRIT School in Croydon in May 2006 , where she was classmates with Leona Lewis .
Adele credits the school with nurturing her talent .
In school , she was more interested in going into A&R , and hoped to launch other people s careers .
Four months later , she published two songs on the fourth issue of the online arts publication PlatformsMagazine.com .
She had recorded a threesong demo for a class project and gave it to a friend who posted it on Myspace where it became very successful and led to a phone call from music label XL Recordings .
She doubted if the offer was real because the only record company she knew was Virgin Records , and she took a friend with her to the meeting .
Nick Huggett at XL Recordings recommended Adele to manager Jonathan Dickins at September Management and in June 2006 Dickins became her official representative .
September was managing Jamie T at the time and this proved a major attraction for Adele who was a big fan of the English singer songwriter .
Huggett then signed Adele to XL Recordings in September 2006 .
Adele s breakthrough song , Hometown Glory , was released in October 2007 .
Adele provided vocals for Jack Penate s song , My Yvonne , from his debut album
Robert Forster  born 29 June 1957 in Brisbane , Australia  is an Australian singer songwriter , best known for his work with songwriting partner Grant McLennan with whom he cofounded The GoBetweens .
Forster met McLennan during drama classes at the University of Queensland and , inspired by a mutual love of Bob Dylan and the New York music scene , they formed the GoBetweens in 1977 .
In addition to his work with the GoBetweens , Forster has released several solo albums , including :  Danger in the Past  , recorded in Berlin in 1990 ;  Calling from a Country Phone  , recorded at Sunshine Studios , Brisbane , in 1993 with members of local pop group Custard ;  I Had a New York Girlfriend  , a collection of cover versions recorded in Melbourne in 1994 ;  Warm Nights  , recorded in London in 1996 and produced by Edwyn Collins ; and  The Evangelist  , recorded  all but one track   A Place to Hide Away   at Good Luck Studios , London , September  November 2007 with long time collaborators Glenn Thompson and Adele Pickvance .
Criticallyacclaimed internationally as a songwriter , Forster reveals a strong literary influence in his work .