In 2005 , Forster began writing for the Australian magazine ,  The Monthly  .
Prior to this he had virtually no print experience , with only a column on hair care for a fanzine in the 1980s to his credit .
On 25 October 2006 , it was announced that Forster was the winner of the Pascall Prize for Critical Writing for his columns .
On 6 May 2006 , Grant McLennan died in his sleep at his home in Brisbane .
Forster picked three songs cowritten by Grant McLennan , including  Demon Days  , which is the last song the pair wrote together , and recorded them alongside some of his own material to produce his first album in 11 years .
 The Evangelist  was released on April 26 , 2008 through Yep Roc Records .
 5  Forster announced his return to live performance with four nights at the Queensland Music Festival in July 2007 .
Various Production is a collective of musicians and producers .
Excessive energy is not put in to self promotion , nor is it the intent to envelope itself in mystery .
The core objective is to focus solely on the music and give a platform for artists to thrive .
Often difficult to define and put into a category Various Production s multigenre spanning music has a common thread  to take the simple and make something complex with depth , always challenging the listener and artist .
Since inception Various Production has been multifaced .
Producing and remixing music but also a label .
In 2013 a second label Version was launched releasing exclusive digital content .
Collaborations go beyond music , notably with the artist David Bray whose artwork has accompanied virtually all Various Production releases .
Most of their releases are accompanied with art work from David Bray  aka Bonesy  David was born in Dartford in 1970 and has been a freelance illustrator since 1996 .
They have released remixes of a variety of artists  sometimes uncredited  such as Sia , Brandy , Cat Power , Emma Pollock , Ian Brown , Missy Elliott , Dave Cloud & The Gospel Of Power , Gerry Mitchell & Little Sparta , Adele , Sugababes , Brandy , Puerto Muerto and M.I.A.
Various.co.uk
1  Rusko was punk band from Czechoslovakia  1992  .
Frontman Filip Venclík was murdered by neonaziskinhead in 1993 .
2  Christopher Mercer , aka Rusko was born in Leeds in 1985 to a musical family .
From day one Rusko was surrounded by music .
Whether it be his family's pianos , guitars , banjos and saxophones ... or the heavy reggae and dub sound systems of later years in Leeds , music has always been an integral part of Rusko's life .